Overlord Volume 7 Chapter 4
Chapter 4: A Handful of Hope
(Re)Translated by: Nigel
Proofreader/Editor: Deus Ex Machina
Part 1
Such was the ferocity of the attack that it resembled a flood from a broken dam.
The enemy was only a mass of low-tier undead. They were nothing for Foresight to be afraid of. However, what could only be described as a human wave attack showed no signs of stopping.
Hekkeran wiped the sweat off his face after beating his tenth group of opponents since the start of the battle, a pair of Ghasts.
Although he wanted to rest, there was no time for it. He gulped some water from a pouch on his waist, and signaled a retreat as he calmed his breathing down. However, or rather, as expected, the enemy had no intention of giving them any time to rest.
A composite party of three Skeleton Warriors, each holding round shields, and a pair of robed Skeleton Mages with staves in hand jumped out of a side passage.
“Conserve your mana!”
“Got it.”
“—Fully understood.”
In a situation like this where they could be surprised at any time, magic—which could easily deal with any situation—was a trump card they could not use casually. Because of this, they had conserved as much of their mana as possible.
That being said, several of their abilities with limited uses per day had already been exhausted. This was the result of being swamped by the large amount of traps and undead.
There were Skeleton Archers lined up behind barred windows, and out of swords’ reach. It was difficult to put them down since the Skeletons were resistant to piercing attacks, but Roberdyck was able to turn the undead.
He was also able to eradicate the undead that were throwing bottles of poisonous gas at them.
When the Floor Imitators who glued their victims to the ground attacked in tandem with flying undead, Roberdyck destroyed them one after the other with his ability to turn undead
He also exorcised a mixed team of several undead that could cause status ailments like poison, disease and curse.
As a result, Roberdyck only had a few uses of undead turning left. Conversely, they had managed to conserve other abilities as well as mana. The only tough battle had been the one where something like a Flesh Golem had been mixed into a battalion of Zombies.
“Warning! Multiple footsteps from behind!”
“Undead reaction! There’s six of them!”
As Imina shouted her warning—followed immediately by Roberdyck—tensions ran high. The reason why the five skeletons ahead of them had not yet launched an attack was probably because they were waiting for a chance to execute a pincer attack.
Hekkeran considered their next move.
Several options appeared on a list in his mind. First, they could make a pre-emptive attack on the enemies in front of them and bring them down. Or they could launch a suppressing attack on the enemies in front of them, then turn to attack their pursuers. This plan would require good observation skills to determine the strength of the forces in front and behind them, then take on the weaker group first. They could also use magic to hinder one side, then take the opportunity to break through the other.
They were all effective, but none of them could turn the situation around. In a moment of inspiration, Hekkeran decided to trust his instincts.
“Hekkeran! What shall we do?”
“Turn back! There’s a path to the side! Retreat there!”
The instant his voice rang out, Imina, who had been the rear guard, began running. Arche and Roberdyck followed her. Hekkeran was one step behind them.
The fact that Imina was running meant that it was not an impossible distance.His other teammates were running with all their might, and so Hekkeran ran as fast as he could. The enemy would not let them escape easily, of course; they heard the footsteps of several undead pursuing them relentlessly.
“Have a taste of this!”
Hekkeran took out a bag of alchemical glue and tossed it behind him.
The alchemical fluid splashed out and spread over the ground.
The results were immediate; the sound of footsteps stopped instantly.
Intelligent undead might have made a detour, but such thinking was impossible for lesser undead. Furthermore, Skeletons lacked muscle power, and thus they found it very difficult to break free once they were stuck.
“More undead reactions! Four from the right!”
“It’s a wall!”
“No, it’s an illusion!”
Four Ghouls charged through the wall at. Although they were scrawny undead that were little more than skin and bones, they were still a fearsome sight when attacking with their outstretched yellowed claws. That said, there was nobody on this team who would be frightened by such an attack.
“Don’t look down on me!”
Seemingly unaffected by the ambush, Imina immediately unsheathed her shortsword and swung it at a Ghoul’s neck. Dirty-looking fluid oozed out in place of blood, and it fell. Beside her, Roberdyck swung his mace with all his might and crushed another Ghoul’s skull.
Judging that it was safe to leave those two alone, Hekkeran turned his attention to the rear. They were still being chased. Should he throw another bag of glue just to be on the safe side?
Just as Hekkeran was about to toss one, the shape of a terrifying undead being loomed into view.
“Elder Lich!”
At the same time, he noticed lightning crackling on the lich’s finger. Hekkeran was familiar with the spell in question.
[Lightning] produced a straight line of piercing electricity, and there was only one way to dodge it.
“—Push the ghouls back!”
Neither Imina nor Roberdyck understood why Hekkeran gave that command, but they obeyed without hesitation.
A bolt of white lightning flashed across the hallway just as the four of them pushed the ghouls through the illusionary wall.
The air crackled, and Hekkeran felt a magic circle activate under his feet. In the next moment, they were enveloped in an unavoidable pale blue light, and the scenery before them changed.
“Be careful! Stay alert!…?”
Although the Ghouls had vanished and the surroundings were different, they were still on edge from the battle. Even so, after such an unexpected occurrence, it was no surprise that they were dumbfounded for a few moments.
Hekkeran shook his head, regaining his focus. The most basic thing he had to do—although learning about their current situation was also important—was to ensure the safety of his comrades.